good has happened to you that you change your
password and they forget my dad them
this happened
my older brother liked in program that
it was for usb disk we do not have
the last two with usb as you can see
and here my dad will show you the
the addresses of the tuberos program
this program that I found told me that
only it works with USB memory USB
be formatted is a direction
download the file for a single usb or
if they do not have good to removing for disk
It is the same Nomás was changed back
it's going to come out compressed
unzip it will record the usb memory
what they burn on the disk they no longer install in
the computer they go to the video changes him
the boot system is going to start
the boot system that starts with
usb if it does not work usb or it starts with
the disk has been selected on the disk
in writing here my son is going to
teach you will see the following images
the following images so they know
how it works
as a good month here in this first
image will come out a bar you will have to
fill state and after that it will come out
a window is put in gray
and this will automatically leave you
they put lex
this will also automatically come out
they put next
down the administrator administrator
you can see they will help and as you can see
there is a candadito they put next
another window will come and give appointment in the
Automatic room bleeps a warning
they are sure that you want to create
the boats put him and it 's
desk they put you save
and here will come another notice
do you want to modify a program for you?
usb put you ok
if it comes out here if we put it here it's very
important that they do not put anything
and here they put xxi
another warning will come out the last one has gone
you're sure you want to finish the
program and resist your system they put you
And it is
and clean so it limits the
compute in usb memory or disk
turn your eyes on and he will not ask you
password for nothing I hope this
meaning in my decision subscribe like and
follow us with your email
if we can
yes